Hello everyone here and Mariana with a new
video and it's seen I'm going to show you how
download password pilot
a password for the crazy to be able to do
is to add a configuration with which
every time we want to download something already
be it from the app store or itunes get
our password automatically for
download password pilot we are going to have
to go from there to go to the section
search is not necessary to add any
repository but only as they
I said as if the search section and there
write password once we have it
subscribed let's go down and
download this that is here the one that
has the title we selected it from
here we will be able to install it where
appears to modify you going to
appear install install it what
confirm and later ational restrict
when it has already been downloaded when they have
done in res print is not going to stay
no application but it's going to
create a link in the settings menu
where from there the only thing we're going to
have to do is write our
password once we have it
written
we will be able to download anything and
our password will be set
automatically now I'm going to make a
demonstration about how it works
let's imagine that we want
download this application we will do
everything we normally play for free
install app and in this way in fermasa
the password appears that we
we had written in the settings menu and
it was saved we played
and it's going to load automatically since
our password was had been
put in the settings link that
we had ordered the password
byron in this way how it works for
bye bye love is pretty simple
download and use I hope there
liked the video if you really liked
this video give a hand for
above and also remember to subscribe
comment give him the favorite and it's all
those things good with this I say goodbye